what's up everyone I'm Sylvio Perez I'm
the founder of AD conversion we teach
B2B marketers how to scale paid ads for
free with advertising courses top by the
best practitioners in the world and in
this quick tutorial I want to show you
how to install the Google ads pixel in
five steps let's get into it so step
number one is to create a free Google
ads account so I'm going to link this in
the description box down below but just
navigate to ads. google.com and you're
going to click uh start now and then
you're going to go through the account
creation process once you do have Google
ads account you're going to log into it
and then you're going to navigate
towards tools and settings and then you
want to go to the audience manager here
under the shared library and by the way
if your Google ads manager experience
looks different from mine it happens all
the time Google's always split testing
different variations so just look for
the odds man uh the audience manager in
your menu section and then what you're
going to want to do is you're going to
come down here to the left where it says
your data sources go ahead and click on
that and Google is already going to have
this data source created for you you and
it's going to be the Google ads tag data
source so you can see in the last 24
hours there has been zero hits so that
tells me this pixel is not installed the
Google ads tag if it is working properly
you'll see hits here a greater than zero
hit count assuming you actually get
decent traffic to your website and by
decent I mean someone in existence
because it needs to be greater than one
right so yourself but anyways so just
come here click on the three dots click
on edit source and what we're going to
want to do is we're going to set this up
so it's going to ask you if you want to
collect General website data or specific
actions leave it on the second one
moving on it's going to ask you what is
your business type so just choose
whatever is relevant for you so in my
case it's education if you have to worry
about anything around legal compliance
with CCPA you can turn on restricted
data processing most of us watching this
doesn't apply so just leave it off and
then we're going to click save and
continue now it's going to ask you how
do you want to set up this tag do you
want to install it yourself or use Tag
manager we're going to use the third
option option here and we're going to
use Google tag manager so I want you to
grab this conversion ID copy it and then
go into Google tag manager if you don't
have an account super easy to set it up
just go to tag manager. goole.com and
you're going to create a new tag in tag
manager we're going to give this a name
I'm going to call it the Google ads
pixel the trigger is going to be set to
all pages very important you always name
your tags appropri and tag manager
because it just makes management a lot
easier from here you're going to look
for the Google ads remarketing tag so
just search Google ads and you're going
to see this one here it's a featured tag
Google ads remarketing and then you're
going to drop in that conversion ID that
we copied right here now all these other
things you don't really have to worry
about in terms of just getting started
this is just like some Advanced custom
ality if you want to have a certain tag
firing priority and things like that not
to worry you can just leave the base
options and then for the trigger we're
going to set this to go to all pages and
that's it we've created our tag we're
going to save it and then last but
definitely not least is to debug so
we're going to click preview here and we
want to make sure that this tag is
actually firing so I'm going to open up
my website and I want to just double
check that everything looks okay so
coming back here to the tag assistant
I'm going to look for my Google ads
pixel and we only had one page load
which we can see here on the left so
it's really important when you're
debugging you're looking out for two
things number one is do you have
duplicate tags so in the case in this
case I do I've already installed the
Google ads pixel previously and I just
St installed it again right now because
of the sake of this demonstration so if
you do notice duplicate tags go back
into your tag manager and delete one of
the duplicates so that way you're not
double counting the same user the second
thing is you're going want to take a
look at the fire count so you can see
here it says fired one time here that's
perfect cuz we had one page load so it
should be one fire if I notice that it
fired multiple times on a single page
load I'm going to have to go back in a
tag manager and then debug my my trigger
just to make sure that there's no issues
going on here so that's it if you see
your tag that it fired and it fired once
you're good to go you are off to the
race last but not least is just submit
your change here in tag manager so
install Gap pixel I'm going to publish
that change and there we go we are off
and now we're building that retargeting
pool of users now one last tip I want to
give you is uh make sure to go to your
website this is a helpful Chrome
extension it's called Google tag
assistant you can just download it in
the Google Chrome Library just open it
up click record and then refresh your
page here and then when you do you're
going to see all of the tags that fired
on this page and you can see that I have
the Google ads remarketing tag installed
and that it had one proper request so
this is a nice little tool that you can
use if you're debugging for yourself or
if you don't have access to tag manager
for a potential client and you want to
see hey what tags do they have installed
on their website you can just download
the Google tag assist to sit and see
that I'll drop it in the description box
down below for you for your convenience
and you can download it using Google
Chrome so that is it for this video I
hope you got value from it if you want
to uh learn more about tracking and how
to set up a multi Channel B2B
retargeting strategy this video is part
of a playlist of multiple videos of this
master blueprint re-released on how to
get up and running on Multi Channel BW
targeting across Twitter Facebook Google
and Linkedin and that description will
be below so you can access the link so
any who thank you for watching I'll see
you in the next one